Front-To-Back Squat With Belt
 This variation is a 1:1 ratio of a front squat right to into a back squat using a belt. 
 To step up for the front squat, place your pinkies on the ring of the barbell with your thumbs off of the smooth part. Bring your arms up under the bar while keeping your elbows high and the upper arm slightly above parallel to the floor. Rest the bar on top of the deltoids.  
 Step away from the rack and position your legs using a shoulder width medium stance with the toes slightly pointed out. Keep your head up at all times as looking down will get you off balance and also maintain a straight back. This will be your starting position. 
 This variation is a 1:1 ratio of a front squat right to into a back squat using a belt. 
 Begin to lower the bar by bending the knees as you maintain a straight posture with the head up. Continue down until the angle between the upper leg and the calves becomes slightly less than 90-degrees (which is the point in which the upper legs are below parallel to the floor). Inhale as you perform this portion of the movement. 
 Begin to raise the bar as you exhale by pushing the floor mainly with the middle of your foot as you straighten the legs again and go back to the starting position. Perform the front squat for the recommended number of repetitions, rack the bar, and immediately set up for the back squat.
 Step away from the rack and position your legs using a shoulder-width medium stance with the toes slightly pointed out. Keep your head up at all times and maintain a straight back. This will be your starting position.
 Begin to lower the bar by bending the knees and sitting back with your hips as you maintain a straight posture with the head up. Continue down until the angle between the upper leg and the calves becomes slightly less than 90-degrees. Inhale as you perform this portion of the movement.
 Begin to raise the bar as you exhale by pushing the floor with the heel or middle of your foot as you straighten the legs and extend the hips to go back to the starting position. Repeat for the recommended amount of repetitions.